After the boiling and siphoning of Akopos' oceans (and the darkening of its star system), little record survives of the various inhabitants of its waters. The Way of the Emulan monks lives on, however, through the most unlikely of their order: Alani.

For an underwater monastic sect that preaches inner calm and fluid mindfulness, Alani certainly seems to have a sunny and outgoing disposition. Perhaps it's because, given that the order was eradicated, Alani never had the opportunity to reach the zen calm espoused by the elders. But more likely, her natural zeal and vitality was inherited through her Helician lineage. Strange as it may seem, Alani is not actually a native of Akopos: her human father and Helician mother, under such circumstances as are often left to be wondered about for a lifetime, gave her to the Emulan monks. Maybe they meant to come back for her later, when circumstances changed. Maybe they didn't. Poor Alani may never know.

You may ask, "Are Helicians aquatic?" and to that, I'd say catch Galilea Azmozeus try and tell a joke, you can't get much drier. Luckily, through the surgical modification prowess of the Emula, Alani was soon breathing and swimming through water with the best of them. Typically, however, the Helicians natural hardiness is more than enough to see them through any hostile environment, and incompatible lungs are far from the worst a Helician has faced. Indeed, their longevity and stubborn vigor put them at natural odds against the Jennerit, whose own aims of artificial eternity brought them enormous jealousy (given that the natural Jennerit lifespan lasts only a few centuries). This enmity came to a head with the War of Being (C.R. 19208-19304), in which the Helician Corps played a critical role among the Arbiters of Being (Eldrid elite warriors trained and equipped specifically to combat the Sustained). Incidentally, it was during the War of Being that the planet-being Mikollopria released spores to aid in the war effort; among those spores was the bud that would come to be known as “Miko” among the Battleborn.

Ultimately, the Jennerit emerged victorious, and the Helicians were soon subjugated as a servant-caste, whose only avenue of recognition was through military excellence in service of those they reviled. Small wonder, then, that Alani isn’t particularly fond of the Jennerit after they conquered one of her peoples and destroyed the other.